listen there's always been this big hype
around Mary Poppins who still has that
perfect score on Rotten Tomatoes for
those who care about that but this was
the only Disney film nominated for Best
Picture while Walt was still alive as a
record for the most Disney wins but as
beloved as this story of a nanny is this
wholesome tale are y'all really gonna
tell me that she's not pushing let me
explain now the most interesting part to
me about the original Mary Poppins is
the backstory to it you know originally
was a book by Pio travers who was a very
strict lady and had very strict rules
about the adaptation of her book I mean
we're talking about a single lady who
adopted when she was 40 but when she saw
that the baby was a twin she she
declined the BOGO and just took the one
and the rest of that story is the
complete opposite of magical if you read
up on it so it was obvious that Pio
Travers wasn't gonna like the adaptation
you know they even made a whole movie
about how she really didn't like the
adaptation which ironically stars Emma
Thompson who played a very similar nanny
in another movie well it's funny that
the movie covering a problem that
someone had with Disney is made by
Disney I thought it was interesting to
see the perspective of why Travers held
the book so close to her because to her
it was the story of her father
struggling to raise them how if he just
had a little help by someone coming out
of the blue maybe things would have
turned out differently but Disney put in
dancing penguins instead so the first
person we see in this movie is this dude
named Bert who has like 25 different
jobs he's not only breaking the fourth
wall and talking to the audience but
considering he's the one guy who knows
Mary Poppins I'm a little iffy if she's
even real because you know this guy's
not completely there
[Music]
we then meet the banks family who's
literally falling apart because their
neighbor is always blowing a cannon but
we see that their kids are so bad
nannies are just quitting left and right
and I'm blaming this all on the parents
mrs. banks is pushing forward the
suffragette movement and she's all about
that but she can't push her kids to be
well-mannered mr. banks is always all on
about being on schedule but this is an
entire musical before he realizes his
kids are missing so when they decide to
put on an ad for a new nanny be it the
magic of Walt himself Mary Poppins flies
in and literally blows away the
competition to get the spot and here's
how I know that Mary's popping other
things on the side you know how the keys
in Atlanta always looks down on people
every time he says you know crazy
mansions like an invisible car and stuff
like that well this lady does the same
thing right
like this lady sliding up banisters and
flying in but then gives the dad a crazy
look when the paper he burned shows up
again and for anyone who doubt says
she's pushing look at this never-ending
Halloweentown bag you don't think she's
got contraband in there she sings a
whole song about consuming narcotics
it's very clear that she's got a bigger
ego than Kanye as I expected Mary
Poppins practically perfect in every way
and not long after the drugs hit they
conveniently jump into the world of
toxin with Bert and they pulled the
original Roger Rabbit as they sing with
the animations and things get really
trippy now I personally still think
these effects are pretty cool especially
if you're on what Mary sellin but I do
think that they earned their special
effects Oscar back in the day and I just
love the diversity of it of my people
and humans working together they then
sing the original mumble wrapped
[Music]
everything gives them more narcotics as
she takes one ourselves and she's
addicted they hang out in the streets
hotbox a chimney so much that they float
and then meet up with Uncle Albert who's
literally so high he can't stop laughing
you promised now this might reminded me
so much of the Mad Hatter and to my
surprise when I looked it up he actually
is the man had her but even madder than
that is the whole finale of the movie
where it turns out that the dad may
actually be in some financial situations
and he decides to ironically teach his
kids to invest and when he takes them to
the bank Van Dyck yet again is playing
another character with this bad grandpa
makeup on and with all this stress and
the buffoonery going on one man just
loses it on Mary Poppins what is the
meaning of this outrage
good enough to explain all this I never
explain anything at this point it's
clear that he just loses it in the
sights that get on whatever Mary selling
because he decides to give everything up
and not pay up because he's gonna choose
his family instead
[Music]
he's run once yes
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious brah
you're broke lucky for him this is
really dumb lucky for him that final
Mary Poppins joke that he said at the
bank before he left was so funny that
the head honcho of the bank literally
laughed himself to death he left an
opening for a new partner congratulation
how they all get high as a kite and live
happily ever after as Mary Poppins
vanishes with the wind innocent as can
be so with the new one Mary takes a page
out of Batman's book and decides to
return one generation after the first
making this a sequel and not a reboot
like a lot of people or thinking that it
actually is pretty much the kids from
the first are now grown up and if you
remember how that boy didn't want to
invest in the first movie well yeah now
his house - getting repossessed his wife
and parents have passed so it's just him
and his sister and it's two kids
struggling to keep things in order
guy next door is still blasting his
cannon but it's five minutes late there
made it so bad Muriel from Zack & Cody
probably does more work and colin firth
for whatever reason is the evil banker
who wants to ruin their entire lives
so obviously mary was gonna pop in again
[Music]
she's still got her bag of contraband
and just like the first eight in
Narconon anyone so even though these
kids are getting high and seeing all
these crazy stuff happening Mary Poppins
is like not I'll see nothing just like
your neighborhood drug dealer the only
ones who can actually smell her coming
are the people on the streets
nice to see you jack good to see you too
Mary Poppins on a serious note I lovely
my no enemy Rhonda I love how he's doing
these big movie musicals now and I can't
wait for him to get his he got but boy
does he solid as marbles in his mouth he
pretty much has Van Dyke's role in this
movie and also serves as the not at all
creepy admirer to the sister I
personally love how he has this bit
where he gets to rap but in order to not
call it rap in the movie because it's
the 1930s they tell him to do that
really long song just sing it fast and
bright this man turn London into in the
heights in a second now I know a lot of
people are gonna say that the seek was
just another trip down the same block
and I agree it's it's Mary so it's a
trip but I guess that that's kind of the
point obviously every set piece mirrors
the first one it's a very similar story
arc with the kids trying to help their
father and then a joke saves the day by
the end they still don't answer anything
about how Mary Poppins works so she
doesn't go to jail but I guess that's
kind of the point
an old story for a new generation so
marry pickpockets then decides to break
into this house hidden in an alley and
you already know where she learned that
from and that's being her cousin meryl
streep now to me the scene serves two
purposes one to marry the first Uncle
Albert scene and two so mayor who can
get another nomination just for
cosplaying as queenie from fantastic
beasts other than that they should have
flipped the scene upside right and cut
it out now here comes the funniest part
of the movie throughout the entire thing
they're looking for this banknote
that'll save them from their debt and
then it turns out that at the end the
note they needed was a glue to the kite
the entire time but even worse than that
was that it wasn't even the kids who
drew on that piece of paper it was still
father lucky for them Dick Van Dyke is
still playing different roles in this
one and he comes in to rescue them from
his bitter banker of a son and sets them
free the family then lives happily ever
after as we get more drug symbolism from
them getting high off balloons and then
we get the weirdest cameo of them all
with Angela Lansbury now I love Angela
she's a legend and mrs. Potts which is
probably why she's in this movie but
it's hilarious how Julie Andrews who
actually played Poppins did a cameo as a
sea monster for Aquaman instead of doing
one for this movie now I don't know the
whole backstory to why she wasn't in
this one right but the fact that
Lansbury wasn't in the original but
instead a movie called Ben hubs and
broomsticks that is considered one of
the biggest Mary Poppins ripoffs had me
questioning if I miss something like can
you imagine if they did a finding Dory
sequel like I don't know 30 years from
now and they can't get Ellen DeGeneres
back so they just cast someone from
shark tail by the end of it the family
gets money until you know they
eventually go broke again by the third
Lin goes to the sisters protest because
he's not throwing away his shot and Mary
Poppins once again escapes imprisonment
as she gets high for a new generation
but if I'm being honest that Bedknobs
movie is actually better than both of
these thank you guys for checking out
this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section y'all can say that my theory is
crazy but I mean they're dealing with
bricks there's a lot of blowing y'all
know what six blue stands for they're
always getting in debt every other
generation I'm just saying there's a but
there's a bunch of things that are
hidden into this movie and you know
y'all know that Walt Disney back in the
day was putting a lot of symbolism but
I'm curious are you a fan of the
original I've never had this attachment
to the the first one I obviously feel
that the second one just force awakens'
it but a fun for what they are I think
they're cool
my favorite song out of this I say if
you guys were naming yours from the new
one it would be trip a little light
fantastic and that's only because it
reminds me of ski masks baby wipe that's
just me I'm here so no you guys starts
that the movie worked for you I've been
watching a lot of Broadway and a lot of
20:19 videos come in soon but as I
always say sometimes the medium actually
can boost the story some stories are
better in a particular way you know when
this movie makes it to Broadway that's
where I think this Mary Poppins Returns
is going to shine the most but if your
scenario sounds down below in the
comments section let me know anything
else do you want me to wrap up towards
the end of the year don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and Mary will
send you a brick